=Basic steps to install EchoIRLP=

==Prerequisites:==

  # IRLP must already be installed and fully configured and working. EchoIRLP uses IRLP code.
  # Your IRLP node must be running CentOS 4, CentOS 5, or Debian versions of IRLP.
  # Your node must have the compiler (GCC) and development software installed. This may not have been installed from the latest IRLP Linux software CDROM unless you chose to install everything.
  # You must have used the Windows EchoLink client to register your EchoLink node. Your EchoLink node must be a -R (repeater) or -L (link) radio node. Once you have your EchoLink node working on the Windows client, you will use that configuration information in EchoIRLP install. 
  UPDATE: The TBD software in EchoIRLP may register your EchoLink node now. But like the Windows version, you must wait for the EchoLink system to enable or confirm the registration.
  NOTE: It is recommended that you make a backup copy of IRLP using the script /home/irlp/scripts/backup_for_reinstall, or just make copies of these IRLP files.

{{{
  /home/irlp/custom/rc.irlp
  /home/irlp/custom/custom_decode
  /home/irlp/custom/custom_on
  /home/irlp/custom/custom_off
  /home/irlp/custom/environment
}}}

==Steps to install EchoIRLP software on your IRLP system:==

  # login as root
  # wget -N http://echoirlp.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/install/echo-install-debian
  # chmod +x ./echo-install
  # ./echo-install
  # Answer the prompts.
  # Restart IRLP by running /home/irlp/custom/rc.irlp

Test by connecting to the EchoLink *ECHOTEST* service, EchoLink node 9999.

==Known Issues==

  * Some have reported install failures, where the symptom is an empty tbd.conf file. So far, we have not been able to debug this. When this occurs, try installing again.

Anyone may browse and view the EchoIRLP code by opening their browser to http://code.google.com/p/echoirlp/