This is the latest version of EchoIRLP.  Note that installation is still a 
bit rough and documentation is an ongoing process (sorry :( ).  An 
installation script will be provided in the future, but could take a 
while.

What EchoIRLP does is adds EchoLink functionality to an IRLP node.  This 
means the same hardware can be utilised for both EchoLink and IRLP 
connectivity.  However, the system is designed to not allow the different 
systems to be cross linked.

Operating modes:
There are two basic operating modes - shared conference and tbd.  Shared 
conference will enable the IRLP node to connect to specific shared 
EchoLink conferences only.  In this mode, EchoLink nodes are unable to 
connect to your node.  Shared conference mode offers two options for 
looking up the conference name and IP address of the conferences.  Either 
a static echo_hosts file can be used, which means no reliance on EchoLink 
network services, or a client is provided to enable the EchoLink servers 
to be used to look up conference IP addresses. 

The tbd operating mode enables full inbound and outbound connectivity to 
ANY EchoLink node - conference, link, repeater or PC user.  This mode 
requires that a copy of thebridge (http://cqinet.sf.net) version 0.69 or 
later is installed on the IRLP node.  Note that if version 0.72 is used, 
the IRLP node and conference cannot have the same EchoLink callsign, 
unless the source is patched (I have placed a patched copy in the EchoIRLP 
files area).  However, the callsign comparison is case sensitive, so 
giving the IRLP node the same call in lowercase will work.

Support:  Best thing to do is ask in the EchoIRLP yahoo group. (if you 
don't know where that is, where did you get this archive from? :) ).
